# The first blog on this site

This is the first blog on this site. It's a test blog to see how the site works.
If you are reading this, then the site is working as expected.

## Where are these blogs stored?

These blogs are stored in a folder called `blogs` in the root of the site. Each blog is stored in a separate file with the name of the file being the id of the blog. For example, this blog is stored in a file called `1.md`.

The blogs are also stored in an AWS S3 bucket. The site fetches the blogs from the S3 bucket and displays them on the site. This is done for a more scalable solution.

## How are these blogs displayed?

The blogs are displayed in the order they are stored in the `blogs` folder. The title of the blog is the first line of the file and the content is the rest of the file. The content is then rendered as markdown.

The blogs are linked to each user which created them. The user can be seen at the bottom of the blog. Each user has a profile page which can be accessed by clicking on their name. The profile page shows all the blogs created by that user.

## How can I create a blog?

To create a blog, you simply click on create blog in the dashboard. You will be taken to a page where you can enter the title and content of the blog. Once you have entered the title and content, you can click on create blog and the blog will be created.

You can also drag and drop an md file onto the create blog page and the blog will be created from the file.

### How does this work?

When you drag and drop an md file onto the create blog page, the file is read and the title and content are extracted. The title is the first line of the file and the content is the rest of the file. The title and content are then entered into the create blog form and the blog is created.

## How can I edit a blog?

To edit a blog, you simply click on the edit button on the blog page. You will be taken to a page where you can edit the title and content of the blog. Once you have made your changes, you can click on the save button and the blog will be updated.

## How can I delete a blog?

To delete a blog, you simply click on the delete button on the blog page. You will be asked to confirm that you want to delete the blog. Once you confirm, the blog will be deleted.

## How can I view all the blogs?

To view all the blogs, you simply click on the blogs link in the navigation bar. You will be taken to a page where you can see all the blogs that have been created. You can click on a blog to view it in more detail.

## How can I view all the users?

To view all the users, you simply click on the users link in the navigation bar. You will be taken to a page where you can see all the users that have created blogs. You can click on a user to view all the blogs created by that user.
